Properly executed supply chains
can make a world of difference in any company
and can help increase savings
as well as reduce overall expenses.
By focusing on the flow of the supply chain,
we are finding that it's becoming easier
to serve Veterans without a delay in service.
For the Veteran, the face of the VA
is usually seen as the medical staff
who provides their health services
or the benefits counselor who helps them with their claims.
Though Veterans don't readily see
supply chain management at work in the background,
all operations would cease to exist
if the supply chain did not function properly.
Because of this, it is imperative
to meet our customers' needs each and every time.